en/zoom/misc/management_roles/の大幅修正 (日本語版に合わせる) (#1996)
utelecon/utelecon.github.io: src/pages/en/zoom/misc/management_roles/index.md

---
title: Managing Zoom Meetings and Related Roles (Host, Co-host, Alternative Host, etc.)
redirect_from:
  - /zoom/misc/host_cohost/
  - /zoom/how/common/host_cohost
breadcrumb:
  title: Managing Meetings and Related Roles
  parent: /zoom/
---

## Managing Zoom Meetings
{:#manage}
### Types of meeting-management functions
{:#functions}
The functions for managing Zoom meetings can be broadly divided into two categories: “functions for changing meeting settings and reviewing records” and “functions for moderating meetings.” This framework helps clarify the scope of functions that can be used by the roles involved in meeting management (such as the “[host](#host)” and “[co-host](#co-host)” described below). For example, hosts can use both types of functions, whereas co-hosts can use only the latter, “[functions for moderating meetings](#moderate).”

#### Functions for changing meeting settings and reviewing records
{:#settings_and_records}
Specific functions for changing meeting settings and reviewing records include the following:

> - Use [Setting up a Zoom Waiting Room](/en/zoom/create_room/waiting_room/) to set up a waiting room.

Reviewer: 個人的にはリンク先のページ名を使うよりSet up a wating roomとしてa wating roomにリンクを埋め込んだ方が見やすいと思います
同様の修正提案を他の箇所にも行っておきます。

> - Use [Setting up a Zoom Waiting Room](/en/zoom/create_room/waiting_room/) to set up a waiting room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up [a waiting room](/en/zoom/create_room/waiting_room/) .
```

> - Use [Requiring Authentication to Join a Zoom Meeting](/en/zoom/create_room/auth/) to require authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Require [authentication](/en/zoom/create_room/auth/) to join the meeting.
```

> - Review [Getting started with Zoom reporting](https://support.zoom.com/hc/en/article?id=zm_kb&sysparm_article=KB0060623) for the meeting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Review [meeting reports](https://support.zoom.com/hc/en/article?id=zm_kb&sysparm_article=KB0060623). 
```

- Start the meeting.

#### Functions for moderating meetings
{:#moderate}
Specific functions for moderating meetings include the following:

> - Use [How to use Breakout Rooms](/en/zoom/usage/breakout/) to create breakout rooms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create [breakout rooms](/en/zoom/usage/breakout/).
```

> - Use [Polls in Zoom](/en/zoom/usage/poll/) to create polls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create [polls](/en/zoom/usage/poll/).
```

- **However, when you want another participant to help with functions for moderating the meeting, assigning them as a “[co-host](#co-host),” described below, may be more convenient than transferring the host role.**
- **You can also grant a specific participant permission for individual functions, such as screen-sharing privileges, without transferring the host role itself.**
  **→ [Zoom Granting and limiting screen-sharing capabilities](/en/zoom/usage/screen_sharing/security/)**

**Transfer the host role when you want to relinquish your own host privileges and assign host privileges to another participant.** For example, this may be useful when you created a meeting on behalf of the person who should appear as the host, or when you do not want to make it clear to other participants that you are the host. If the meeting belongs to you,[^4] the host who transferred the role can become the host again by “[reclaiming the host role](#reclaim_host).” For the procedure, see [**Instructions for transferring the host role**](#transfer_host_instructions).

### Host key
{:#host_key}

> By sharing a code called [Using your host key](https://support.zoom.com/hc/en/article?id=zm_kb&sysparm_article=KB0067063) with another user in advance, a host can have that user act as host in their place even if the host is absent when the meeting starts. This feature is useful, for example, when the host will join a meeting late[^2] and wants another user to act as host temporarily. In this case, when the original host joins the meeting, they are assigned as a “[co-host](#co-host),” but they can return to being the host by “[reclaiming the host role](#reclaim_host).”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By sharing a code called a [host key](https://support.zoom.com/hc/en/article?id=zm_kb&sysparm_article=KB0067063) with another user in advance, a host can have that user act as host in their place even if the host is absent when the meeting starts. This feature is useful, for example, when the host will join a meeting late[^2] and wants another user to act as host temporarily. In this case, when the original host joins the meeting, they are assigned as a “[co-host](#co-host),” but they can return to being the host by “[reclaiming the host role](#reclaim_host).”
```

**A host key is common to all meetings created by the host who issued it, so it must be handled carefully for security reasons. If the person who is to act as host temporarily uses a UTokyo Zoom account, assigning them as an “[alternative host](#alt_host)” described below may be more convenient.**
For instructions, see [**Instructions for using a host key**](#host_key_instructions).

### Leaving a meeting as the host
{:#host_leave}

> When [passing host controls to leave the meeting](https://support.zoom.com/hc/en/article?id=zm_kb&sysparm_article=KB0067794), the following two options may be displayed: “End meeting for all” and “Leave meeting.”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When [the host leaves an ongoing meeting](https://support.zoom.com/hc/en/article?id=zm_kb&sysparm_article=KB0067794), the following two options may be displayed: “End meeting for all” and “Leave meeting.”
```

Under this behavior, if a host unintentionally leaves while the meeting has no co-host, the host role may be transferred to an unintended participant. **To reduce the possibility of the host role being transferred to a malicious participant, we recommend assigning a co-host for meetings open to an unspecified number of participants.**

### Reclaiming the host role
{:#reclaim_host}
After the host role has been transferred to another participant (for example, through [transferring the host role](#transfer_host), [using a host key](#host_key), [leaving the meeting as the host](#host_leave), or [the host unintentionally leaving a meeting](#host_accidental_leave)), the original host can reclaim the host role by following the procedure below. This function can be used only for meetings that you own. For example, you cannot use it when you are the host of someone else’s meeting because you were assigned as an “[alternative host](#alt_host_desc).”
![](img/reclaim.png)

> In the “Participants” panel during the meeting, hover over your name, click the displayed “More,” and select “Reclaim host” to become the host again.

Reviewer: 画像と紹介している手順が一致していないように見えます

英文の方では
参加者パネル→「more」をクリック→「Reclaim host」
となっていますが
prの画像を見る限り
参加者パネルを開いた時点で「Reclaim host」と表示されているように見えます

For instructions, see [**Instructions for using scheduling privilege**](#scheduling_privilege_instructions).

### What users can and cannot do with scheduling privilege
{:#scheduling_privilege_authority}
- With regard to [functions for changing meeting settings and reviewing records](#settings_and_records), the following apply:
  - Child users can schedule meetings on behalf of the parent user.
  - For meetings scheduled by the parent user, child users can freely start, edit, and delete the meeting.
    - Therefore, child users can make the following settings changes to the parent user’s existing meetings:

>       - Use [Setting up a Zoom Waiting Room](/en/zoom/create_room/waiting_room/) to set up a waiting room.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      -  Set up [a waiting room](/en/zoom/create_room/waiting_room/).
```

>       - Use [Requiring Authentication to Join a Zoom Meeting](/en/zoom/create_room/auth/) to require authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Require [authentication](/en/zoom/create_room/auth/).
```

![](img/scheduling_privilege_add_user_2.png){:.border}
1. Choose whether to allow the child user to manage private meetings.
![](img/scheduling_privilege_add_user_3.png){:.border}
    - What the child user sees when this option is enabled
    ![](img/private_meeting_on.png){:.border}
    - What the child user sees when this option is disabled
    ![](img/private_meeting_off.png){:.border}
6. Select “Save” to finish.

#### Scheduling or editing meetings using scheduling privilege
{:#schedule_meetings_using_privilege}
The following explains how to schedule and edit meetings using scheduling privilege in a web browser. For procedures using apps or plugins, please see the official support page. → [**Using scheduling privilege**](https://support.zoom.com/hc/en/article?id=zm_kb&sysparm_article=KB0061749)
- Procedure for scheduling a new meeting
  1. Open the [Meetings](https://u-tokyo-ac-jp.zoom.us/meeting) page in the Zoom web portal.
  1. Select “Schedule a Meeting.”
  ![](img/schedule_meetings_using_privilege_web_new_0.png){:.border}
  1. Select the parent user from the “Schedule for” drop-down menu.
  ![](img/schedule_meetings_using_privilege_web_new_1.png){:.border}

>   1. Then schedule the meeting as usual using [Scheduling a Zoom Meeting](/en/zoom/create_room/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Then [schedule the meeting](/en/zoom/create_room/) as usual.
```

- Procedure for editing an existing meeting
  1. Open the [Meetings](https://u-tokyo-ac-jp.zoom.us/meeting) page in the Zoom web portal.
  1. From the drop-down menu to the left of “Schedule a Meeting,” select “All” or the parent user. Selecting “All” displays a list of both your own meetings and the parent user’s meetings. Selecting the parent user displays a list of the parent user’s meetings.
  ![](img/schedule_meetings_using_privilege_web_edit_0.png){:.border}
  1. Hover over the meeting you want to edit. The newly displayed “Edit” will appear; select it.
  ![](img/schedule_meetings_using_privilege_web_edit_1.png){:.border}

>   1. Then edit the meeting as usual using [Editing and managing Zoom meetings](/en/zoom/misc/edit_meeting/). Note that changing “Schedule for” to “Myself” on this editing screen makes it possible to transfer the meeting from the parent user to the child user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Then [edit the meeting](/en/zoom/misc/edit_meeting/) as usual. Note that changing “Schedule for” to “Myself” on this editing screen makes it possible to transfer the meeting from the parent user to the child user.
```
